[Blackarachnia] You're talking mutiny.
[Dinobot] I'm not talking mutiny.
I'm saying,
if we agree that it's a bad plan,
there's an easy way to stop it.
You and I haven't done anything.
They may be lenient.
Just hand it back to them?
[Dinobot] Just hand it back.
-[explosion]
-[both grunt]
[Predacon Megatron] Go!
Did you get it?
Would they be firing on us if I hadn't?
[grunts]
[Blackarachnia grunts]
Give it to me!
[weapon cocks]
I'm sorry, Megatron.
I'm just trying to protect you
from a dangerous, ill-conceived plan.
We're giving it back.
No! They only think it's theirs.
They think it's all theirs.
But with the Disk,
we finally have a chance
to make this world ours.
You know what to do.
[Dinobot growls]
[weapon cocks]
-[weapon clicks]
-Hmm.
Hmm. Sorry.
It really is our best shot.
[Predacon Megatron]
Thank you, Blackarachnia.
At least I can trust one lieutenant
to follow my orders.
You're being fools!
If our ranks weren't thin,
I would crush you
where you stand, Dinobot.
Now, if you're still one of us,
take out those Maximal Enforcers
and meet us at the ship…
where perhaps Blackarachnia
can teach you a thing or two
about loyalty.
[theme music plays]
The fate of the future
should be in more capable hands.
Exactly!
Because we both know
the only thing worse than one Megatron…
Is two Megatrons.
-[Starscream gasps]
-[Dinobot growls]
[both gasp]
[alarm blares]
[Dinobot grunts]
What is it?
Soundwave caught one
of your Maximal pals spying.
Come on!
[Dinobot growls]
[gasps]
[grunting softly]
Leaving her to the Predacons
is not an option.
I am not suggesting that you abandon her,
simply that you hold
your rescue attempt until--
Until the Allspark is in hand,
and you are able to assist,
but by then, it could be too late.
[Prime] Hmm.
I do not know your Megatron,
but I know mine.
The danger facing Airazor is great.
But if the Allspark falls into his hands,
the danger to us all is unimaginable.
[Tigatron growls]
We are not lacking in imagination.
We are lacking in soldiers.
We left Cybertron
with a complement of over 200.
How many of you are left?
Wait, you're not the last five?
No, there's Airazor.
We'll get her back, Ti.
[Prime] Hmm.
I think we can spare a few bots.
[Prime] Uh…
Arcee, organize a strike team
to accompany the Maximals
on their rescue mission.
My focus must remain on the Allspark.
Have faith that it will guide
and protect you.
Thanks for the backup.
Rhinox will stay on board,
help you get this bucket operational.
He's pretty bright.
You should listen to what he says.
[sighs] Bring her home, boss.
Hmm.
Maximals,
Autobots,
maximize!
[Maximals transform]
Hmm. Does that mean transform?
[Predacon Megatron] One down, five to go.
I might feel some sense of guilt
if you and your Maximal cohorts
hadn't also decimated my Predacon ranks.
Instead, all I feel is rage.
-[electricity crackling]
-[Airazor groans]
[whimpers]
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
The Decepticons really did
have all of the best toys.
[breathless] I'm not telling you anything.
I'm not asking you anything.
No.
This is just for fun.
[grunts] Don't you think she's had enough?
[Predacon Megatron] No.
But I've had enough
of your insubordination!
You've got the wrong bot, Megatron.
I've always been loyal to you,
even when you thought otherwise.
[jeeringly] Yes!
Which is why I haven't yet
smelted you for treason.
But question me again
and I will happily revisit that decision.
[footsteps approaching]
[Blackarachnia]
Megatron, you're needed on the…
Oh, I'm sorry.
Am I interrupting something?
[growls]
-[sighs dejectedly]
-[Predacon Megatron] We're done here, yes?
[Dinobot] Sir.
[ominous music plays]
-[door closes]
-[Airazor] You don't…
[groans] …need to do this.
[groans]
[Dinobot] I have to follow orders.
-[electricity crackling]
-[Airazor screams]
-[echoing scream fades out]
-[door clanks]
[footsteps approaching]
[Predacon Megatron]
You summoned me, my lord?
[growling] Megatron.
[grunts] You're going to have
to do something about that name.
I wear it with honor.
[Megatron] My honor.
Change it.
[gasps]
[sighs]
This Golden Disk
has given me untold advantage.
Once I have crushed Optimus Prime
and revived Cybertron,
you will be rewarded.
Uh…
If I may, sir,
how much of it have you heard?
Only what I need to complete my mission
and return to Cybertron triumphant.
Uh, very wise.
Excessive knowledge of future events
is the most common reason
new timelines fail.
Between the data
we downloaded from Teletraan-1
and the information
my future self has imparted,
failure is quite impossible,
for I now know exactly
where the Allspark is hidden
and what I must do to take it.
[door opens]
It's done.
I have the Allspark's coordinates
and I'm headed towards the rendezvous.
[Blackarachnia chuckles over comms]
I underestimated you.
[Starscream sighs] Everyone does.
I swear, I don't know how you bots
ever made it off Cybertron
with this ancient equipment.
[grunts] Now?
[groans] Still nothing.
[Rhinox growls and yells]
[system powers up]
[laughs]
Let's get what we need
before it conks out again.
[chuckles]
I guess sometimes
the brawn tops the brains.
[console beeping]
These are all the potential
landing sites we've identified.
Now, if we can find the Spacebridge
that brought the Allspark here--
Ah! We could triangulate
which of these sites is the real deal.
Also, we're going to need
that Spacebridge to get home.
I don't think the Ark will survive
another trip through the Dead Universe.
[grunts excitedly]
You went through the Dead Universe?
Of course!
Why didn't you just say that?
[console beeping]
[ship whirs]
How… How did you…
Where I'm from, we know better than to use
the Dead Universe for interstellar travel.
Are you some kinda super genius?
[console beeping]
-[comms trills]
-[Arcee] Delta Squad checking in.
-Report.
-[Arcee] We're nearly in position.
The planet's wildly varying terrain's
proven hard to navigate…
[sighs] …for some of us.
-I'll let Prime know. Ark out.
-[comms trills]
[Primal] We're losing light.
[Arcee sighs deeply] You heard the ape.
[Autobots sigh]
[Megatron] The Allspark.
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-[rumbling]
[pants]
[muffled groan]
[screams]
[panting]
[sighs]
Soundwave, inform Mega… [sighs]
…the Predacon leader,
I am moving up the timeline.
Make preparations.
I don't want to tell you
how to do your job,
but it's been cycles,
and you've only zapped me that one time.
[Dinobot grunts]
Oops. Did I wake you?
You know, there's something
about soaring through the sky all day,
seeing everything from a distant height,
that makes one a keen observer.
[Dinobot] And?
[Airazor] And I think there might
be something bothering you.
Well, aren't you perceptive?
[Airazor] So… what is it?
Why would I tell you?
Because you want to.
[Dinobot grunts softly]
This is why Megatron took us
back to this place at this moment.
Autobots and Decepticons
at the most pivotal part of their story.
We changed that story.
We changed Cybertron for the better.
Crazy plan for a band of thieves,
but eventually, I went along with it.
And dragged the rest of us.
So?
[Dinobot] Hmm.
So, why doesn't it feel right?
If you can't see what's changed,
then maybe what's changed is you.
I am a Predacon.
[Airazor] It doesn't have to be binary.
Predacon or Maximal,
Autobot or Decepticon,
maybe you want to go your own way,
be your own bot.
[Dinobot] Hmm. Maybe.
Why are you being kind to me?
Because I want to be.
I'm sorry, I…
I need to…
I… I have to go.
[bird squawks]
-[Hound grunts]
-[device trills]
Done.
I've masked our Energon signatures
so their sensors can't detect us.
Okay, they have Airazor inside that ship,
but we don't know how many hostiles
are between us and her.
[Tigatron growls]
I say we bash in the front door and--
Tigatron, we stick to the plan.
[Tigatron grunts]
Maximize, Rattrap.
[suspenseful music plays]
[Astrotrain grunting softly]
[Rattrap whimpers nervously]
[grunts] What are you doing here?
You're supposed
to be watching the prisoner.
-She's… fine.
-[Astrotrain] Hmm.
Hmm.
[Rattrap whimpers nervously]
[Astrotrain grunts]
[Rattrap grunts]
[Blackarachnia] Hmm. That's close enough.
[Dinobot grunts]
We need to talk.
[Blackarachnia] Look, I don't know
what you think you heard, but--
What I heard was you and Starscream
plotting against the Megatrons.
Uh, that's--
Have you given much thought
to where we are? When?
It's incredible.
The Autobots and Decepticons
died out a long time ago.
I look around and all I see are ghosts.
This ship is a ghost.
Starscream is a ghost.
-You have no idea.
-[shimmering whir]
-[Dinobot muffled grunts]
-[Starscream grunts]
I told you we should have killed him
in the corridor!
You don't understand.
I'm saying, if someone other than Autobots
and Decepticons control the Allspark,
then maybe they won't end up
killing each other for it after all.
Maybe this is how we save everyone,
by rejecting the us-versus-them fight,
by throwing away the labels
and choosing to be our own bots.
Starscream,
Blackarachnia,
I don't want to stop you.
I want to come with you.
I want to help.
-Airazor!
-Well, it's about time.
Hey, I risk my neck
to save your tin-plated tailfeathers,
and this is how I get greeted.
Oh…
-[Rattrap] Uh, Airazor?
-[footsteps]
[growls]
[Rattrap murmurs nervously]
Well, well, well.
Looks like Megatron was right,
down to the last detail.
[Predacon Megatron growls]
And here you are,
exactly as Megatron foretold.
[sighs softly]
I would ask if you have
any lofty last words,
but I know you better than that, Primal.
So, allow me.
At long last, your miserable end.
Goodbye.
-Wait!
-No.
Fire!
Uh, Megatron knew I was here.
He knows every move you make
before you make it,
you and your little team,
the one up on the North Bridge.
H-- How did you get through
Hound's sensor mask?
We didn't.
Ship's sensors aren't even operational.
[Mirage]
Then I guess I won't be needing this.
[grunts]
-[Astrotrain grunts]
-[Rattrap grunts]
-[Predacon Scorponok groans]
-[Rattrap pants and grunts]
I said, fire!
I keep telling you,
we don't take orders from Predacons!
-[Predacon Megatron growls]
-[Seeker groans]
-[Predacon Megatron roars]
-You heard him. Fire!
No!
[Predacon Megatron] No!
[Autobots grunt]
[shots ricochet]
-[Arcee grunts]
-[Primal roars]
[both grunting]
[Rattrap grunts]
[grunts and groans]
Rattrap!
-[growls]
-[weapons cock]
Stand down!
[Predacon Scorponok growls]
Yeah, that's right!
Back away!
[Predacon Scorponok growls]
-[growls softly]
-[Rattrap pants and grunts]
[Mirage as Astrotrain] Now… you…
rat…
open the cell.
[chuckles hesitantly] Uh, you're the boss.
[Astrotrain groans]
Hey!
[gasps] Now, Rattrap!
Hey, I'm working on it.
I don't know how this old junk--
The green button!
[Astrotrain growls]
[Mirage grunts]
-[both grunting]
-There are so many green buttons!
The big green button!
Oh! [chuckles] Green!
[console trills]
[Airazor grunts]
[Astrotrain grunts]
[Predacon Scorponok grunts]
-[Airazor] Red button!
-[Mirage] Red button!
[pants] Come on.
[Predacon Megatron roars]
We're not going to last long
if they keep the high ground!
[Primal] I'm more worried
about facing them down here.
[Predacon Megatron roars]
[Arcee sighs]
I don't think it's up to us anymore.
[scree crumbling]
[wind whistles]
[Predacon Megatron] Attack! [roars]
[Hound grunts]
[Arcee grunting]
-[Primal grunting]
-[Predacon Megatron roars]
[Primal yells]
[grunts]
[rapid firing continues]
[distant rumbling]
-[revving engine approaches]
-[Predacon Megatron growls]
What?
[revving intensifies]
[Prime grunts]
[Decepticons grunting]
[Predacon Megatron grunts]
[rapid fire ricocheting]
Wait! Come back and fight, cowards!
[growls]
[Tigatron snarls]
[roars]
[snarls]
[all growling]
[Tigatron transforms]
Megatron's getting away!
[growls] Let him go.
We got what we came for.
Thanks for the assist.
It may have come too late.
Megatron is not here.
[Arcee] How do you know?
Because we would have been fighting him.
[sighs]
I fear
he has already located the Allspark.
[sighs]
If only we knew where he was headed.
We do.
Airazor put tracers on every bot
she made contact with in that ship.
[sighs] Did you think I'd let myself
get captured for nothing?
[gasps]
You let yourself?
Those were her orders.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you,
but we needed your muscle,
and I couldn't take the chance
that you would refuse.
[Prime] Hmm.
I've got reads on Soundwave,
Megatron, Starscream,
even Dinobot.
It looks like
they're all in the same place.
Then that is where we need to be.
Autobots, Maximals, roll out!
[console trills]
[Megatron growling faintly]
[suspenseful music plays]
[music fades out]
[theme music plays]